feat: add documentation (#11)
TheCodingDen/projects-bot: GETTING_STARTED.md

# Getting started

The project has many moving parts, and thus has a large amount of setup involved.

In order to run the project, you will need:

- A [Google Forms](https://forms.google.com) form
- A backend server
- A [Discord Bot](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
- The ability to write App Scripts to the Form

## Setting up the services

Before we can deploy the app, we must set up all of the services, as noted above.

#### Google Form

To set up the Google Form, head to [this page](https://forms.google.com) and select the "Contact Information" template.

Add all of the required fields, in order:

- Project creator / author
- Project name
- Project description
- Project source (with optional regex validation)
- Project languages / technologies
- Other links

Next, add the app script integration

> TODO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TODO: add details about how to add the Apps Script integration
```

#### Discord Bot

First, create a Discord Application [here](https://discord.com/developers/applications).

Next, enable the Bot section of the application and copy the token into the backend config.

> After that, invite it to your server by going to the OAuth2 section, and then the URL Generator subsection. Select the `bot` scope and give the bot the following permissions:

Reviewer: and applications scope (for slash commands)

> TODO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TODO: add global bot permissions
```

> Finally, click the generated link and invite the bot to your server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, click the generated link and invite the bot to your server.

TODO: add details about what permissions the bot needs in the channels
```

#### Backend

The backend server operates to collect incoming submissions, handle voting and persist submission state.

> The choice of backend host is up to the end user, though it must have a [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/) compatible DB, our implementation uses PostgreSQL, and the ability to run Node.js with an HTTP webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The choice of backend hosting is up to the end user, though you must provide a [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/) compatible DB (our implementation uses PostgreSQL), and the ability to run Node.js with an HTTP webserver.
```

> After getting a backend host, configure it following the .env.example file and start the webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After getting a backend host, configure it following the `.env.example` file and start the webserver.
```

> 
> ##
> 
> That's it, the project should be up and running now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
